The
.
It overwrite that one that's like
a do this week people just never die want
to cure it do they doctor oh thank you
Pod Baron your don't have to count it it's
all there is always is see an excellent
lunch I'm
a major So the next week something very
special the time I like that very special
has
a ring of money to it. I want to call
that no longer than six oz two on but
no fight one three hundred.
Let's say I'm the patron of
science. But I can promise
results not promises.
I don't understand you're trusting him so
much money Giles is a miracle drug but
a bit like lent.
The
the.
The IT.
What's the point.
The
in. Such
a grotesque dream. Perhaps. BABSY
shall be
a nightmare would it matter not the me
not if I can give in life. That's where
anything anything including your own
life even that. One to succeed in
creating life is the ultimate achievement
to have attained the seer. To doubt now
would. Think everything I've ever
done pointless is empty. This is.
This is my life. To create life
should man leap that to bottom.
Out on that one man it got
on the go to bed child
when you arrive in the morning you'll
want to look at best really. Good night.
When I thought I would at least deserve
a low I'm sorry I'm very.
Your father and. Here
let me help. Thomas. Thomas
come here. Thomas.
Take the log inside. Luggage inside.
Dressing worked rather late last
night as you. Can experiment with.
Well you know how he's been at it for
twenty years he'll be at it for another
twenty but tell me about the University.
Except for my studies it was rather boring
but I didn't go there to socialize and
cheaply. I'm like my father. When I want
something. And I think
first of my class I'm now
a life. DOCTOR.
That's the way by
a life. Jacket more.
Like I am good. Or. SIMON
You and Harry was me.
Jack Gargan luck lover like they're
there to do right I'm waiting.
And I well I go he go. Again long may.
But you have
a story many times doesn't matter
father the charming story. You
know the name Frankenstein still echoes
in the halls of the university I'm not
surprised but I stopped caring about those
photos when I left them up and clapped
over there as thirty years ago. I
think that down to larger like the
tide no response thank
you. Was it difficult
I mean very difficult speaking my
daughter. Mostly it was my being
a woman the professors have a lot
of old fashioned ideas about
a woman's place I'm sure you will make
a fine surgeon Thank you. But
I do not want to be merely
a fine surgeon what do you want.
To assist you further in your
work. You think I was
a youngster I was always interested in
your. It's summer when I was here. I
was speaking to
a laboratory. But it was
always locked I know. When I
discovered the other one.
The one the one bedroom.
The room you little devil.
I was always curious.
And curious to you have far you
progress. In the show you my own plan.
I shall be delighted to discuss
cause as doctor to doctor.
But I miss going to my
ideas and reading. You.
Because. I am my father's
don't. You are referring to
animal transplant. Human.
By another hundred disorders very
delicate. People to be paid and that's
why people. Well Baron
You know I can tell you
professional ethics don't speak to me of
ethics if you want what you want it will
cost you another hundred the way I see
it Baron You don't have any choice
I have to get it for
a good time and don't worry I won't sit
down I wouldn't want to damage this
wonderful furniture.
And Q.'s. I was looking for my father
with that they don't have much of it would
know that I never thought the Baron
added in him but Dr Marshall will.
Know now time is best and I
drink. Much too and
never too early for you
my dear. You are not noxious man
extremely vulgar and I'm certain that
what everyone thinking is merely fantasy
on your part. I would say did you spend
too much time alone in your fantasies
please. Be careful to soften the brain far
quicker than whiskey. How can
somebody so lovely be such
a bitch depends on the company I'm.
Sorry. I'm sorry I didn't
know you had best Elaine
is I will see you out Always
a pleasure to talk to
a lady good lady. Barbara.
And I was sorry I hurt you.
Are you two under now. Two hundred
on the lever A When will it be very
soon when bang Jack Morgan
day after tomorrow. Oh here
man.
I don't suppose your business will Jack
Morgan very much about it much as I would
miss you. That's really depresses me because
one day you'll be shaking hands with
Mark and. Say. You don't have much time
you're sure to make
a mistake once. And that's
the day I'll. Just jail you
to claim. It's the Hank. That's what
you want and I'll see you again.
It's things like maybe with me. I wish.
I were.
Adopted.
Now.
What are you doing here I was on my
way to class the piece. Was going on
something I'd rather you not say. Had
never seen Hank nor will you say this
one now and I may be
a woman but I am also Dr Death is nothing
new to me this is not death. This is
legalized murder maybe she should
stay to see the difference.
May be secured. Thank you
Tom Don't thank me I'd.
Like. That with that we're going. To Jack
I want to. Meet in
a different gym three like that from
here to see this which again means but I
thought I did not and I try probably only
there are some go back to work if they
want the same limey then when she that much
of the day I don't say it's like saying
this but I have
a very you know I mean I get it
now. Explain this e-mail I just had
a lot of the. Reading they
create with their minds on
a domino that looks bad
in bad weather just. How.
Can you know it's about the animals but our
I don't know she asked me why you still
had them and I didn't. Want to we got
to do with not having my dog find out
something.
That's
a about right lens go back and thank
your child go and turn on your
money. Yes sir Baron I really was doing
business with you I had to clean and it's
quite it was a difficult
difficult drinking
a bottle of whiskey. And you can
see that's not very difficult.
The you.
The the.
The the much like the nadir the.
One.
Where.
The
OR are
the
same. Now they're at
the back of
the I'm sorry I couldn't I was hoping you
wouldn't do that the price no
longer is yours the end of the of.
Palestine. Will you please leave.
But I can help you you don't understand
the do what are
you going to do with the bread not.
The E.U.
But the Tao treating me like a child. I'm
a doctor. A surgeon I can
think like you to write
the the. No.
The all.
We're going to we're
going to. Keep on top of
the job. It is not
impossible time when. The
brain might keep them alive. Yeah why
have done it before condemning human body
we don't need
a human body. Or. You're going to be
pretty. Frank to preach that
you are no more questions
but I don't want you to get involved if
anything should go wrong but I would hold
you
a couple of responsible and I don't want
that. For now because you have to be
with. The all.
Is everything ready ready when.
You're. At.
The right.
I mean.
One time when one that.
Was.
What. I hope Mr Moggs brain is go up.
So for the past twenty years my experiments
with animal transplants have been
pointed to this week all the abuse I've
been doing my friends all the accusations
against my sanity and worse will be thrown
into that sanctimonious face. Looking
for something. I need to start
my final step in the lexical.
From the light will give the creature life.
At five haven't transplanted the heart
in the brain like and keep them alive
indefinitely in the laboratory but one side
transplant them they'll survive only
a few hours and that's activated by lightning
quick to see how you keep the mind
the tail then you'll see
the problems you I will
and the medical world will be brought to
it the one that So the you really like
your tree the something that no one will
ever take away from you they will have the
out give it to them the bad the this
song
.
The
you.
The US.
The
brain. The doctor.
in the right. That's no further
than the MacGregors. I
Pod.
It must be repaired. By
must make the time to.
Think that. Is the maid
said it will be automatic.
You may be creating something that cannot
function what good would that be to give
it life and just let
a lie they have nothing whatever to. The
damage for the brain to fight. It's
as could be devastating correct the
damage. That isn't crimes have. Been
prevented because of the lies about God when
you have
a country where twenty years by
minute. But Dr Fate. Anything
changes the world I thought and I think I
was going to transplant that brain right
now and I want to help.
Her.
Home
home.
Home home.
All right.
One
person
one
.
PERSON
one person
one.
The
one
. Person.
Per.
One.
One
person
one
person one don't write down everything
by one person where.
Will be done. Soon for.
The principal.
When
the fan when when
the the.
Ball
right when.
The right now to.
Iraq where. Iraq.
One
brawl
one
. Hundred one when
the by one of the live.
Or or or.
Fail to show. You what I. Should have
taken time to repair the brain that will
probably make any difference effect if the
damage would only show after the brain
was reacting well never though
at that level now it's more of
a I think that may. Take
a moment. And we can. Have
a brain that. No use trying to make
me feel the need to like me. Bad
Tanya
a little bit. When you help.
But wait and see how you. Make
me. Feel the same I don't even
know if I want to attempt
a moment ago you said. That was
just self-indulgence the whole of.
No no it was who can
say. I have. Managed to.
Never thought I'd get my.
Act out.
If this is. Really only
taking place in the my.
Lad. In Iran than.
Some.
We've got to. We've got to. Bring.
You two can.
Come. Home.
From another. One
Another them. Come. Home.
On.
What.
He's done it's.
A good.
Time. Right now.
Don Young much do you want to just break
your father's day that you're worried
about his name you cannot keep
this from the police not.
Only to question. That's
impossible but if it kills again
its brain is damaged I want just
father but Tanya No we must address
tell him. But it was
a robbery. But there is
Morgan's body what did you
do with the other corpses that lived back.
Then you could go to hack. I
don't know. What could you
hope to gain time.
To think of some way to say I thought
that's what it takes. Didn't you love him
you know I did do it for him and.
I'm.
I.
Have
a whole. Animal organs I believe yes
because my father has been experimentally
an animal transplant very interesting
you saw this rock a big
mess. She would have to be
a very big man big enough
to. Know what did he
steal nothing as far as I can tell I haven't
had time to check everything by Father
but I'm surprised I would think it was
your father's surprise but. What would I
rather be doing in a laboratory
he wouldn't have known it was
a laboratory he must have seen the light
and he wanted to investigate perhaps you
said he was
a very big. Thing. I
don't know I was asleep
at least half of what dollars and you
kept it up really that would make it more
than seventy. Are you sure Dr March when
half with them after all it was running
away when I saw him I thought you said
you saw him the better early yes but all
that registered in my mind
then was this hulk of
a man in the back and then you added
a few moments after this Robert killed the
bear I tried to stop him but he threw me
aside quite easily and I couldn't and that
was the time when you saw him run Yes
but you weren't no I wasn't. Very far
too well I won't keep you any longer
I'm sure this been
a quite an ordeal. Oh by the
way the young man. Tom.
He doesn't live here
he comes each morning
there and back. He didn't
believe us. Of course. He
just tried to race me.
Your mother. Thank you. But now.
Now we wait. For the right. Way.
To get the last person.
Nice cheerful place you have your land very
fashionable it's like something out of
an insane asylum Yes you do have the
taste of a connoisseur the taste of
a man who truly knows what is obscene
vulgar ironic and simply grotesque very
clever the way everything blends together
things seem to balance that one piece out
of place not one inch of space waste
is truly remarkable I am impressed
Blanche. You are such
an ugly. What's wrong
kept all your selves empty this
morning on the contrary as
a matter of fact some friends of yours were
kind enough to spend the night with me
I don't have any friends Oh but you do
they're Simon Burke and Harry MORRIS Not to
mention Jim Turner and that other fellow
the little one with the hunchback. Where
they drank their. You see they started
a brawl in the top song you do know this
vaguely but one is for drunks have to do
with me you see the fight was over which
one of them was going to pay for the
entire bill which was quite substantial
your friends drink you know you still
haven't answered my question or haven't I
well let me put it this way where to for
such men come upon enough money for each
of them to be able to pay for himself and
the other three maybe they earn
that maybe but doing what. Simon
Harry they can't earn much after all how
many hangings do we have. And I'm sure you
get less and to disappoint me I don't
pass sentence on anyone I only arrested
drinking alone no he wasn't are you get.
Two of those men work for you and I can't
see you playing anyone enough to buy
a decent dinner let alone
a night striking for four men. All right
camp then I wouldn't maybe they found
other work something that they's
a police captain's wages. I'm not laughing
Lanch just tell me what kind of work
they do for you since you have no
legitimate business Oh I know you're
a banker of sorts loaning out money at
exorbitant rates of interest but your hired
help. They are going like there's
a God like money for me
yeah I'm sure they do. Well
I'll leave you to your Whatever a
man like you call the same thing
a man like you because one day and age
you're going to tell me the wrong thing at
the right time. It's useless time yet
you won't find the solution
there there isn't one anyway I
have the solution child.
I'm only looking for
a way to make it happen
and you know if I can.
Will you help me I cannot commit myself
until I know what you consider the solution
another creature ten years took your
father and me three years to construct the
first one mine would take less than three
weeks even if it took three hours it
would be too late then the then another
canning too I didn't want to tell you
I was in town today everyone in the village
is speaking about the monster that is
what they call your father's life's work
are monster and they're right they are not
right my father was
a genius and his creation Well it will
do nothing but kill you don't understand
even without the damage to the
brain the creature has the mind of
a murderer it kills for the think of killing
it must be destroyed and Harris will
destroy it how can
a man destroy no chance there's
only one solution to create
a second creature. You'll be
creating another monster not
a monster an executioner our creature
will kill my father's matter no it's
impossible even if you found the right
brain your creature despite the superhuman
strength than dupes by the
lightning it would need
a physical body strong enough to
support it where would you find such
a man. And
that's my proposition five hundred pounds
if you find me the right person now might
make you think again. My father
till it's all written in his diary
he gave you
a lot of money. I don't want money
from me Oh I see I knew you were just
right and I'll find
a man one question if well. I feel
nothing but propulsion for you I don't
give
a damn how you feel about me thanks Felix I
want your prices too high then go peddle
your money elsewhere I think Captain Harris
would find my father's diving in like.
My sailing gods as would surprise anyone
but your father buying them now that would
give everybody plenty to talk about and
wouldn't miss not think about it no one
else can now you know. After all
watch one night out of your life
getting killed you and
I have to you can take
a bath and everything will be brand new.
I will kill you I will kill you you
need to drink. I don't see why you're
so upset and then like Lynch cannot be
taken seriously Still I would kill him for
even suggesting but. I didn't know that
you felt so much about my reputation.
I'm sorry of course you do you I sent
him and so you only think of me is
untouchable you're wrong. Do you
ever think of the Genie I knew the.
Does it really bother you to know that
a man like Lynch desires me No only that
he was vulgar enough to reveal it to you
you never really believed in my father's
dream you only stayed because of me What
if I did and why didn't you tell me because
you were afraid you've always been
afraid you were afraid now we don't
need Lynch. Often needed the chance.
I found him. Talk. Thomas
Yes Thomas physically he's
perfect his body strong and beautiful
behind us wouldn't you like to have such
a body what does that have to do with
everything because you love me I know you do
but you've never done anything about it
instead of your love for me giving you
strength you let it melt just by you let
it fester inside of you until all you
could do was to look at me with those we
don't hurt I but the eyes of an old man
with the eyes of
a cripple look cripple who could never
even dream that I could love him.
You could you love me yes
just like Thomas. Thomas. I
can't love. Think. Think of
me. In this ng. Would you
like to have my body.
Would you like to make love. Or with.
The blood.
In my heart says by. His Heart
Institute your. Promise with
your brain. Is
a man I could truly love. No. I'm
not. Ready to concede. That
was different word or is not.
The pure white when.
The you.
The DO YOU LIKE THE you very much
the but never dare to see where.
You're. Wrong you're.
Ignoring my homeroom the come
forward
.
Don't think of Tom now. Think of
him after the way he will be.
Here. You can. Just.
Let my. Little girl the cool little.
The cheated.
The. Get
the poor
the poor the
poor the poor
poor the
poor
the
orld
.
The IT. Tom.
Last night. Bill about the same man
who murdered your block and Lynch was
a robber out of the bread for it's Mrs
March alone now. Congratulation thank you
and this man anyone seen him anyone's to
the line the young man who was with Sarah
will John Masters and this Mr Masters
What did he see he claims it wasn't
a man said it was
a monster but he was too frightened to
satisfy me however there's one more witness
I would believe who is the sort that can
suffer he saw the murderer kill his mother
but the lads in shock if and
when I was ever able to talk to
a purple. Sorry to bother you
Mrs Martian I was out Captain
thank you you know I've been wondering
this is Marshall why would you visit Tom
Lance especially at his place and at night
the Baron on him money and my wife went
to pay it back wouldn't have been
better to send for him when he kept
a man like Lynn Cheney of course but then
I would think Dr Marshall should have got
not you it was my father's business which
made it mine nobody else is quite what I
don't understand is why would your father
own Lynch might I find or probably the
only impertinent at all he says thank you
again and good night oh but one thing
more you don't believe monsters
do you of course. I do.
Well it's always. You
know I think landslides.
Can you should talk to
a martial law. Them I sure.
Do or I'm sure when I was
a baron was doing with their corpses Dr
Marshall was out but I must be sure that
you still don't know what they were doing
feel like as good I. Galloped back Bill
back and got money wrong the pay has got
to come on his face my favorite way to
make
a lay then. You should have left. I
don't yet know. I.
Met Boris the
orld
the poor.
The
poor.
Thing the way I found them captain I was
here earlier here late like always I keep
it clean please you know I always clean
it every morning when I get it thank you
very much much the same leaners up yes
sir I always try to keep it clean place
again place that's what it is I understand
nice quiet place thank you very much
right out of the US doesn't make
any sense it's beginning to make
a lot of sense that the shop.
Dig it up then dig up every one of them
dated within the last two months. Just what
do you expect to find. That
a damn thing. When
. You know Tommy I wasn't laughing at you.
To be mad at me no not no. Never do.
Well that's very kind of
you come here I help you.
There.
On the chair.
It's better isn't.
Downtown. Than.
You actually than what's going.
On beyond.
The of.
The Earth. Baccarat.
Olcott. Of
a. Poor
.
The
bank the bank.
Or
one.
Of. The I help you young lady
of. The day I'm looking for my brother
your brother you must have the dumbest
stack. He's not here have you tried it is
home I went there for I've not seen him
for a few days and perhaps he's gone on
a trip. Where would he be was never out
of the county it's possible perhaps my
father's death had something to do. I
didn't know yes Thomas was very fond of him
and his death must've shocked. Perhaps
I'm really sorry but I can't help you.
I'm sure Tommy will be here are you living
at the inn I shall be fine I'll tell him
you'll be so happy to see you thank you
Mr Marshall I'm sorry to trouble you.
No trouble we're all very fond of your
brother I'm sure you are good to.
You and I want. To become.
The new you live again. The same even.
I like to.
Think tonight child. Night.
People are talking they're saying that
Ben Frankenstein is responsible they're
saying he created. Remember but he didn't
kill his daughter what does she have to
do with you know people are kept specially
when they're scared right now they're so
scared they may do anything just anything
something real crazy maybe to them the
name Frankenstein is six leagues below
Satan himself and they don't care who's
wearing it.
The but you're wrong.
You can't change your
mind now. It's too late.
To make.
Anything.
Or are.
The
I'm. Not appreciate your inclusion
cap. I'm trying to find your
father's murder was Mrs Marshall
and I don't see how that could.
Have Been up all night with my.
Seriously it could be. He's resting
now and after my breakfast so why have you
made any progress can that much but the
murderer has two more minutes been killed
Jim Turner and Bill Jessop they work for
lunch oh you would know them they're
not exactly the kind invite to.
The thing is ready. To be
free. To be together in.
Why.
Can't you done.
Done.
It's true Julia I've seen and you think
the time you somehow involved with this
monster Well not in creating what I think
you found out of China. And Mrs Marsham
she's part of it too yeah she's lied too
many times not to be she Dr Marshall you
would have to keep your tummy wouldn't
they wouldn't they maybe not who would
believe tell me I wish you would tube.
With.
Thank.
You. In the.
Name of music industry for the
frankincense state let's go to. The.
When I remove the digits and you have to
know the difference. In the meantime this
week will do. Now too.
Put your hands like.
When I really tried to catch you between
your hands before going to the floor. But
you can look into my eyes one. Problem.
Everything.
How could I possibly know. One thing.
You didn't have the table
when that one while in.
My life because you can. Young man. Strong
intelligent.
Whatever that. You must see him touch
you just keep on coming back.
I must be
a doctor. I'm not asking your
permission. Yesterday I was just
that crazy by far as I recall
you have no right. Are enough
and I'm sorry. It's quite contagious you
shouldn't risk coming any closer I want
to speak to you alone whatever you have
to say I want my life to him very well I
came to warn you about the monster that
you went there and Frankenstein created I
don't YOU are responsible in the deaths of
any people including the bear of course
you can prove that if I could I would be
here to arrest you I know that you are my
proof I want you alive Dr why should anyone
want to kill my Has not anyone only the
monster he helped to create of those killed
for responsible for giving it life you
doctor are the fifth and last it's absurd
Captain How could you mention those other
two by providing your father and your
husband's corpse I don't have to tell you how
they were used. How else are we to know
what you are talking about those jars in
the laboratory won't be difficult to prove
they contain human organs not and no
doctor you never considered the creature
might not appreciate your America that's
why they killed the bear and three other
men that's why you must kill you why
didn't you killed my father because your
husband was in the laboratory and. This is
the most extraordinary fable I've ever
heard you really disappoint me captain or
rather kill the Baron as for those other
two pyramids of integrity anyone could
have had sufficient reason to kill that
perhaps it's your incompetence this led
your imagination a raw I suggest you take
a very well I warrant you remember
lies can keep you alive Dr but I can
you know concern is
a great comfort to me good night Captain I
don't know what you've done with Thomas
but I'll find out when I. Why.
When i can we cannot turn now
to you Don Harrison Hickman
refinement of the strongly
they don't know how. I do.
The Real Deal of the back burner I want
this place to run and make sure the men
tell no one especially there
was not hurt just. One.
Of the the.
Horrors. Which is why
it will find me tonight
what
a night it will be here. John. When
the already
when.
The
or
are. Or are.
The
hour or the
the. One the.
Well you don't. Even think it kills you
it's been pretty good drug it doesn't have
the chemical we can show the World Cup
It didn't matter that he wasn't insane.
Because the town the power that
felt I must kill it it's why.
Why did you change your mind at the because
you know that no matter which of us
abides you will still when. You
do know you've always found
by the end.
Of August September the A.B.C.'s.
Cinema must find that it
lets out the knowledge.
The OR.
The and. The pain or.
The know. The source
Ah this
last's hot spot
a substance the smell the smell of the
law. The on
the inside the
of us.
The of.
I had.
One. That was.
Not me. Me. A bumpy.
Mind. And I.
I'm. Not.
One. And I'll be like. Come
on America's Got. My butt got
the example of an exile is just
not
a my game the way. One cannot
bear the name. Of. The
.
Good.
Air.